FTheoryTools: Use @vprint and add README.md (#2200)
oscar-system/Oscar.jl: experimental/FTheoryTools/README.md

* Decide whether to stick with global blowups or use charts.
* Consolidate notation about sections and line bundles in the documentation.
* The Kodaira type function assumes that the singular locus is given by a single coordinate.
* The Kodaira type function only works for codimension 1.
* Modify the _ambient_space_from_base function to return ring maps from the base to the ambient space and all other constructors/types to appropriately carry that around, then fix the corresponding bit of code in analyze_fibers.

## Possible future extensions

Future extensions include, but are not necessarily limited to, the following:
* Specify a $G_4$-flux and work out the chiral spectra,
* Specify a gauge potential and work out (candidates for) the line bundles whose cohomologies encode the vector-like spectra,
* Other singularity types (non-minimal, terminal, etc.,
* Base blowups for singularity resolution.

## Contact

Please direct questions about this part of OSCAR to the following people:
* [Martin Bies](https://martinbies.github.io/),
* [Andrew Turner](https://apturner.net/).

You can ask questions in the [OSCAR Slack](https://www.oscar-system.org/community/#slack).

> Alternatively, you can [raise an issue on github](https://www.oscar-system.org/community/#how-to-report-issues).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can [raise an issue on GitHub](https://github.com/oscar-system/Oscar.jl).
```
